beyond the central banks and digital
currencies we have things that hit
people at home like tacos and
potatoes yeah you heard me correctly you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we are
going to look at where inflation has hit
people I want to show you what's going
on with the actual economy itself look
if you go out there you're going to see
some information it's going to be cloudy
it's going to be mysterious and
somebody's out there telling you what
they believe but why not just look at
the facts facts come in different forms
we have anecdotal evidence we have
statistics and hopefully these are of
course accurate into what people
experience but often times that's a
little murky so here I want to show you
something McDonald's customer criticizes
the high food prices this is a funny
video here and you can just see the guy
holding up a hash brown saying hey this
is $3 and then he says this potato I can
get an entire bag of potatoes for3
to4 now of course there's processing
involved with that there's the employees
there's the electricity all that stuff
he's just trying to make a point that
look this is like a very small amount of
food and the cost is very high at this
point it's not something minuscule
anymore people choose fast food
yes because of the convenience that's
one factor you're paying for but
certainly it's cheap or it was was
McDonald's CEO promises affordability
amid backlash over the $18 Big Mac
Combos and the $6 hash browns so I don't
know where those ones are exactly I
think the $18 was California not
surprising but you can see that people
are paying more for what used to be be
simple things I remember myself many
many years ago going there as a younger
guy um and only having a $5 bill and
that's Canadian dollars okay that's
Monopoly money and being able to buy
stuff as a kid when you know you're not
getting any money it's the type of thing
that I remember because it's that bill I
had in my hand being able to buy that
meal today though not many option ions
with $5 not going to probably not going
to fill your belly I haven't been there
in many many years but from what I
see this is talking about what's going
on with the food prices and how they
will rise even more the consumers who
are voters must have known where they
were getting into by promoting the
legislation to raise the minimum wage
from 15 to 20 and on its way to
$25 everybody wants them to make more
money but prices will rise as a result
of that and here you could see several
major fast food franchises including
McDonald's and Chipotle have already
signaled that prices will have to rise
in response to the increased labor costs
you see what's going on here they will
have to increase labor costs whether you
agree with that or not and it's coming
to the major fast food chains Taco Bell
KFC Pizza parent company is facing the
same problem that as Rivals fast food is
getting too expensive and consumers are
pushing back and so we're seeing that
people are saying no we're here because
it's cheap stuff and yet the price isn't
so cheap I've seen your comments before
talking about how you know in where you
live the prices you pay you can give us
some examples in the comments I want to
see those sometimes I'm just jaw dropped
at what people pay now of course you
don't have to eat out you can eat at
home that food is increased in price as
well the point here is that we are
seeing inflation all over the place is
this greed inflation certainly that
plays a role these companies are out
there not to feed people but they're
there to make a profit that's the point
of this company and so when we have to
you know break it down a little bit
further we start to understand what's
really going on what's Happening Here
behind the scenes well it is very clear
that a number of Americans can't afford
their rent and this is just showing you
know this one individual being evicted
and so on you could read the other
examples in this
article I just saw that what we are
experiencing now is still continuing on
this is a problem from 2020 that extends
until today we have the job layoffs this
is just an article about Tesla but I'm
in hearing from I was just talking to
somebody today as I record this video
that were talking but this is a person
that normally wouldn't say anything like
this saying hey there are laying off
thousands and thousands and thousands of
people at these big companies big
establishments and I've shown you that
before even whether it's tech companies
whether it doesn't matter we're seeing
it all over the place so there are
layoffs there are people that are being
evicted no different by the way than
normal but it's coming at an unusual
time and of course we see price
increases all over the place and where
does that lead us of course to more debt
and I'm getting somewhere with this more
debt increases right now you could see
$50
billion going on top where does this
lead what will be the result of it I'll
talk about that at the end but certainly
they make no mistake that this
eventually leads
somewhere more debt
evictions people push to the edge job's
not paying enough money can't even
afford your hash
browns it leads
somewhere this is just showing us job
vacancies drive us wage inflation and
vacancies Must Fall further that's what
they're saying here in this chart and I
believe that it is
just well you could see going back to
2016 it is accurate in that in that
sense we don't know what will happen in
the future but the point here is the job
scenario is very mixed you look at
millions and millions and millions of
open jobs at the same time we've seen
people say this I've seen it many times
in your comments yeah they are open jobs
but they're not actually hiring so it's
a little bit confusing we also at the
same time we multiple job holders I mean
things are really wacky right now unlike
I I mean I've studied it it all and I've
never seen anything like this before
it's it's
strange look at this native versus
foreign born workers zero job creation
for native born workers since June of
2018 so we have a lot of foreign born
workers getting jobs and we have a lot
of temporary work not full time either
so this is a problem as well and that's
where this
leads central banks could use digital
cash to deliver Universal basic income
we are talking about a central bank
digital
currency how will we ever implement this
that's the question right well of course
it needs a crisis to do that I don't
think we're anywhere close to ready on
this the roll out won't happen now we
just need a good crisis never let it go
to waste right Universal basic income is
a Hot Topic how's they ever going to
afford it I think number one the way
that they say that they can afford it is
certain other programs will be
eliminated like basically there's just
one payment for everybody super easy to
manage that's what they say at the same
time they're saying well it's going to
be afforded by other programs that are
out there tax the risk you know
corporation tax all that stuff feed into
the universal basic income it's a
redistribution of
capital and that's what they say how
will that be distributed well of course
it needs to happen on a grand scale and
in order to do that we need to be
efficient well they would say well we
need this Central Bank digital currency
in order to do that of course they can
use the excuse of so many people that
are unbanked they don't have a bank they
live in a rural area how are they going
to get this stuff if it's digital
they'll be able to use it everywhere
places more and more and more places are
going cashless we need a way to transact
in this sense okay done dun we're using
all the food stamps no get rid of all of
those programs let's go for the
universal basic income SL
cbdc that's what they could very well do
in doing so if they don't like what you
do and they've got problems the things
that you
say there goes your access to cash this
is of course a big problem that will not
be resolved you must resolve this for
yourself I talk about this consistently
on my live
sessions that's where I get into it more
of course I have compass on my website
for free I've got many playlists like
the howto and solutions playlist on my
YouTube channel but the depth of it is
covered on my live sessions if you are
interested in that there is a link in
the description I've got new people
joining all the time and it is so
amazing to connect with people in this
way I hope that you will join if you're
interested in more information read that
link and don't forget to hit that Thumbs
Up Button doing so helps to support this
channel during this time I want to thank
you for that and of course as always
check me out tomorrow I got great info
for you take care